---
title: "2025 schedule"
draft: false
---


# 2025 Schedule


## Practice

We practice twice a week, on Thursday and Sunday/Monday evenings, usually in the northern Seattle area. In September, we usually switch one practice day to a weekend morning to adjust for lack of daylight.

We also hold 1-2 practice weekends during the season. These will include two practices on a Saturday split by a lunch break and one Sunday morning practice. Practice weekends are often combined with an overnight stay at a cabin or campsite somewhere driving/ferry distance from the Seattle area.

## Tournaments

We don't have our official tournament dates yet but we typically attend:

- Eugene Summer Solstice in Eugene, OR (likely June 21-22)
- Select Flight Invite West (location TBD) (likely late July)
- Ski Town Classic in Salt Lake City (likely mid-August)
- WA/BC Sectionals in Burlington, WA (early September)
- Northwest Regionals (location TBD) (mid-late September)

Last season we also competed at Pro-Elite Challenge West (likely early July) and plan to attend again if invited (this would then replace one of the above tournaments).

## Phases

Conceptually, we break our season in 3 phases:

- Phase 1: June-July. We focus on building chemistry, learning, and identifying growth opportunities. We use our early season tournaments to collect data to identify how we want to progress as a team.  
- Phase 2: Early August. We take a 1-2 week break away from ultimate, hold no practices, and take time to rest, recover, and pursue other hobbies and interests.
- Phase 3: Mid-August-September. We begin with a practice weekend and use that momentum to build toward the series where we hope to capitalize on our focuses throughout the summer.


## Previous Seasons

You can also [see previous year's schedules here](/schedule).